egg, bread, red_onion
Place egg in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop. Place the chopped eggs in a bowl and add green onion. Season with salt and pepper. Stir and serve on your favorite bread or crackers.
pork, bread, onion, cucumber
Preheat the oven's broiler. Place the pork chops on a broiling pan and set under the broiler. Cook for about 5 minutes, turning once, or until browned on each side. Place one of the cooked pork chops on each slice of bread. Add slices of onion, cucumber, salt and pepper.
#
bacon, salad, bread, tomato
Cook the bacon in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate.
Arrange the cooked bacon, lettuce, and tomato slices on one slice of bread. Bring another piece together to make a sandwich.
#
bread, cheese
Preheat skillet over medium heat. Generously butter one side of a slice of bread. Place bread butter-side-down onto skillet bottom and add 1 slice of cheese. Butter a second slice of bread on one side and place butter-side-up on top of sandwich. Grill until lightly browned and flip over; continue grilling until cheese is melted. Repeat with remaining 2 slices of bread, butter and slice of cheese.
#
chicken, bacon, mushrooms, cheese
Rub the chicken breasts with the seasoning salt, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until crisp. Set aside.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Place the breasts in the skillet and saute for 3 to 5 minutes per side, or until browned. Remove from skillet and place the breasts into a 9x13 inch baking dish. Layer each breast with mushrooms and bacon. Sprinkle top with shredded cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until cheese is melted and chicken juices run clear. Garnish with parsley
#
chicken, garlic
Lay chicken thighs into the bottom of a 4-quart slow cooker.
Whisk soy sauce, ketchup, honey, garlic, and basil together in a bowl; pour over the chicken.
Cook on Low for 6 hours.
#
salmon, egg, red_onion
Pick through the salmon and remove any bones. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs and add the diced onion, salmon and pepper. Mix thoroughly.
Shape into 2 ounce patties; about 7 or 8 patties. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil. Fry each patty for 5 minutes on each side or until crispy and golden brown.
#
beef, sausage, tomato, garlic, red_pepper, cheese
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender, and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Set the cooked rice aside.
Cook onion and olive oil over medium heat until onion begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Transfer half of cooked onion to a large bowl and set aside.
Combine beef, sausage, diced tomatoes, parsley, garlic, salt, black pepper, and pepper into bowl with reserved onions; mix well. Stir in cooked rice. Stuff peppers with beef and sausage mixture.
Place stuffed pepper halves in the baking dish over tomato sauce; cover baking dish with aluminum foil, and bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes.
Remove aluminum foil and bake until the meat is no longer pink, the green peppers are tender and the cheese is browned on top, an addition 20 to 25 minutes.
#
cauliflower, garlic, lemon, red_pepper
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place cauliflower steaks on the prepared baking sheet. Whisk olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, red pepper, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl. Brush 1/2 of the olive oil mixture over the tops of the cauliflower steaks.
Roast cauliflower steaks in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Gently turn over each steak and brush with remaining olive oil mixture. Continue roasting until tender and golden, 15 to 20 minutes more.
#
chicken, carrot, green_peas, celery, red_onion,
Cut chicken into cubes.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C.)
In a saucepan, combine chicken, carrots, peas, and celery. Add water to cover and boil for 15 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and set aside.
In the saucepan over medium heat, cook onions in butter until soft and translucent. Stir in flour, salt and pepper. Slowly stir in milk. Simmer over medium-low heat until thick. Remove from heat and set aside.
Place the chicken mixture in bottom pie crust. Pour hot liquid mixture over. Cover with top crust, seal edges, and cut away excess dough. Make several small slits in the top to allow steam to escape.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.
#
bread, banana
Spread a tablespoon of peanut butter onto one side of each slice of bread. Break the banana into two pieces, and place one half onto the center of each peanut buttered bread slice. Wrap the bread around each banana and eat like a hot dog!
#
bacon, banana
Place the bacon in a large, deep skillet; cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate.
Reduce heat to medium. Place the bananas cut side down and cook one minute. Flip with a spatula and cook an additional minute. Drain the banana slices on a paper towel-lined plate. Serve warm with bacon.
#
banana, cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Arrange banana halves in the prepared baking dish. Drizzle maple syrup over bananas and top with cinnamon and ginger. Cover dish with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through, 10 to 15 minutes.
#
cheese, egg, strawberry, bread
Beat the eggs.
Combine cheese and sugar in small bowl; mix well. Combine eggs and milk and vanilla extract in shallow bowl; mix well.
Spread cheese-sugar mixture evenly over 4 bread slices. Top each slice with 1/4 cup strawberries and remaining bread to form sandwiches.
Take large skillet and heat over medium heat. Dip sandwiches in egg mixture, coating both sides. Cook on each side for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown.
Sprinkle with powdered sugar; top with remaining strawberries. Serve with maple syrup, if desired.
#
cucumber
Mince the ginger root and peel the cucumber.
Cut cucumbers in half lengthwise and scoop out any large seeds. Slice crosswise into very thin slices.
In a small bowl combine vinegar, sugar, salt and ginger. Mix well. Place cucumbers inside of the bowl, stir so that cucumbers are coated with the mixture. Refrigerate the bowl of cucumbers for at least 1 hour before serving.
#
salmon, cucumber, onion, garlic
To make the cucumber salad, stir together sesame oil, dill, rice vinegar, mirin, and sesame seeds in a glass or plastic bowl; add cucumber, and toss until well coated. Cover, and refrigerate for 2 hours. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.
To prepare the ginger crust, stir together the ginger, green onions, and garlic in a sturdy, metal bowl; set aside. Heat 1/4 cup peanut oil in a small saucepan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Remove from heat, and carefully stir in the ginger mixture; set aside.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a large, ovenproof, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Season salmon fillets to taste with salt and pepper. Sear salmon until golden brown on both sides, 30 to 40 seconds per side. Transfer to a plate, and wipe excess oil from skillet. Spread honey over top of fillets, then evenly spread with reserved ginger crust.
Replace salmon into the skillet, and place into the oven. Bake until the center of the salmon turns opaque, 6 to 7 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, stir in shallots, and cook until softened and translucent, about 2 minutes. Pour in white wine, then simmer until nearly evaporated. Add the ponzu sauce and heavy cream, reduce by 1/2. Remove from heat, then whisk in cold butter pieces until dissolved; season to taste with kosher salt.
To assemble the dish, season the cucumber salad to taste with salt. Divide the salad evenly onto four plates, spreading it out into a 4 to 5-inch circle. Drizzle the ponzu butter onto the bare area of the plate, around the cucumber salad. Place a salmon fillet, crust-side up, on top of the salad, and serve.
#
ham, cucumber
Chop the ham and cook it.
Use a melon baller to scoop out the center of each cucumber slice, leaving the bottom of the slice intact to make a small cup.
Place ham, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, and curry powder in a food processor and pulse a few times to mince and combine the filling.
Spoon about 2 teaspoons filling into each cucumber cup.
#
red_onion, beef, peach, salad
Heat charcoal or gas grill to medium.
Grill beef about 25 minutes, turning occasionally, until internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F. Cool slightly and thinly slice.
Slice peaches and onion, set aside.
To make salad, layer salad greens, peas, onion, peaches and sliced filet in large bowl. Garnish with cashews. Serve with Asian sesame vinaigrette.
#
chicken, peach, broccoli
Peel and cut the peaches.
In a pot, bring the rice and water to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, and cook the chicken 8 minutes on each side, or until juices run clear. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from skillet, and cut into bite-size pieces.
Place the peaches in the skillet, and cook 15 minutes.
Place the broccoli and water in a microwave-safe dish, cover, and cook 5 minutes on High in the microwave, or until tender.
Return the chicken to the skillet with the peaches. Mix in the broccoli, and continue cooking 5 minutes, until heated through and coated with the syrup. Serve over the cooked rice.
#
potato
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large resealable bag, combine the brown sugar, seasoned salt and whole wheat flour. Add potatoes to the bag, in batches if necessary, seal and shake to coat. Place the coated potato cubes on a greased baking sheet.
Adjust the oven rack to the lowest position. Bake for 40 minutes in the preheated oven. Stir occasionally. Turn the oven to the broil setting, and broil for an additional 15 minutes or so, with the potatoes still in the low position, until the potatoes are tender and browned.
#
potato, apple, cinnamon
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Peel and cut into 1/2-inch slices; layer the sweet potatoes and apples into a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Meanwhile, stir together the sugar, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a saucepan. Stir in the water and butter and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook and stir until thickened and no longer cloudy, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour over the sweet potatoes.
Bake in the preheated oven until the apples are very tender and the potatoes are golden on top, about 1 hour.
#
bacon, potato
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Place 4 large sheets aluminum foil on a flat work surface. Place 4 pieces bacon in the middle of each sheet of aluminum foil; pile 1/4 of the potatoes on top. Drizzle 1 1/2 teaspoon butter and 1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt over potatoes. Wrap aluminum foil around potatoes to create a pouch.
Place aluminum foil pouches on the preheated grill; cook
until potatoes are tender and bacon is crispy, 10 to 15 minutes. Open pouches carefully.
#
corn, red_pepper, lemon, avocado
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Shuck corn and remove the silks. Cut off the base of the stalk and slice kernels off the cob. Transfer kernels to a rimmed baking sheet. Add green pepper and shallot. Drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss and spread out in an even layer.
Broil in the preheated oven until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Stir and spread back out on the sheet. Continue broiling until corn starts to brown, about 5 minutes more. Cool for 5 minutes.
Transfer vegetables to a large bowl. Add mayonnaise, lime juice, and cilantro. Stir until vegetables are evenly coated. Gently fold in avocado.
#
beef, mushrooms, carrot, broccoli
Cook the broccoli. Cut steak into eight 1-inch cubes. Thread 2 cubes of steak on 4 (6-inch) skewers. Refrigerate 15 to 20 minutes.
Grill or broil steak kabobs to desired doneness.
Season mushrooms with garlic powder and saute in oil in small nonstick skillet over medium- high heat 4 to 5 minutes or until lightly browned.
Combine romaine, carrots and broccoli in large bowl. Toss with Lite Balsamic and Caper Vinaigrette, to taste.
Divide salad on 2 large plates. Arrange mushrooms and steak kabobs on top of each. Refrigerate leftovers.
#
carrot, mushrooms, lemon
Squize lemon to obtain the fresh lemon juice.
Combine baby carrots, mushrooms, cumin, and coriander in a pot. Pour enough water into pot to just cover the mixture. Bring to a boil and cook until carrots are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain mixture and transfer to a large bowl.
Stir garlic and lemon juice together in a small bowl; drizzle over carrot mixture. Stir to evenly coat.
#
egg
Place the eggs into a saucepan in a single layer, and fill with cold water to cover the eggs by at least 1 inch. Cover the saucepan, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat, and let the eggs stand in the hot water for 15 minutes. Remove eggs from water, and cool. Peel once cold.
Cut the eggs in half lengthwise. Place the egg yolks in a mixing bowl, and set the whites aside. Mash the yolks with the cream cheese and mayonnaise until thoroughly blended. Fill the egg white halves with the egg yolk mixture using a spoon. Sprinkle with paprika. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
#
salmon, lemon, salad
Whisk honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, shallot, 1 1/2 teaspoon olive oil, and 1/4 teaspoon lemon zest together in a shallow baking dish. Add salmon fillets and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate until flavors combine, 15 minutes to 1 hour.
Whisk creme fraiche, 1 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon lemon zest, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl to make lemon-pepper sauce.
Toss watercress, dill, and tarragon with 2 teaspoons lemon juice and 2 teaspoons olive oil in a bowl to make salad. Season with salt and pepper.
Set an oven rack in the top part of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; brush with remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil.
Transfer salmon fillets, with marinade, to the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until salmon is just opaque in the center, about 15 minutes.
Serve salmon with some salad and sauce on top. Serve remaining sauce on the side. Garnish with lemon wedges.
#
salmon, apple, red_onion, lemon
Thinly slice the onion and apple.
Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Line the grate with perforated non-stick foil. Combine 57 sauce with butter, Worcestershire sauce and garlic. Brush half this mixture over salmon.
Grill the salmon, basting with remaining sauce, for 4 to 5 minutes per side. Toss the apples, onion and dill with the lemon juice, oil, salt and pepper. Slice rolls in half and toast lightly on the grill.
Place a leaf of salad on each halved roll, top with a piece of salmon and equal amounts of slaw.
#
salmon, lemon
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a small saucepan, stir together anise seeds and mint. Stir in 1 cup water, and bring to a boil over high heat. Boil 5 minutes, then stir in honey. Continue to boil until most of the water has boiled off. Remove from heat, and stir in remaining 1/4 cup water.
Place lemon strips in a bowl, and pour melted butter over the strips. Let sit 5 minutes.
Place salmon on baking sheet. Brush thoroughly with anise sauce.
Place in a preheated oven, and bake until done, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven, and brush liberally with lemon butter.
#
salmon, green_peas, lemon
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Place each piece of salmon on a large (12 inch) circle of parchment paper so that they are 1 inch from the center. Cover each with a spoonful of peas, a clove of crushed garlic, a squeeze of lemon juice and a drizzle of olive oil. Fold the paper over into a packet and seal the edges by crimping and folding like a pasty. Place on a baking sheet.
Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until fish is able to flake with a fork. To serve, place the packets onto serving plates and cut open the center in the shape of a cross.
#
salmon, pineapple, red_onion, garlic
In a small saucepan, dissolve cornstarch in pineapple juice. Add soy sauce, vinegar, garlic and ginger. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Let cool. Add fish and pineapple to sauce and marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.
Thread fish, pineapple and onion on skewers. Place on a hot grill (or under a broiler) until fish is done to your liking.
Serve with rice. Heat marinade and use as a sauce over fish and rice.
#
ham, pineapple, red_onion, lemon, chili
Cut ham into small cubes.
Mix Marinade Mix, mango nectar, honey and lemon juice in large bowl. Remove 1/4 cup of the marinade mixture; set aside.
Cook cubed ham and 1/4 cup of the reserved marinade mixture in large skillet on medium heat until lightly browned. Remove from heat.
Stir pineapple, onion and chili into remaining marinade mixture in large bowl until well blended. Top with ham mixture. Sprinkle with nuts. Serve dip with tortilla chips.
#
ham, pineapple
Cut pineapple into rings.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove as much of the ham from the bone as you can. Layer one third of the ham in the bottom of a 6 quart casserole dish. Top with a few pineapple rings and 1/4 of the brown sugar. Repeat the layers, ending with pineapple rings on top, but don't sprinkle the last 1/4 of brown sugar.
Pour any juice left in the pineapple can over the ham. Then pour in enough of the ginger ale to fill the dish about half way. Sprinkle the remaining brown sugar over the top.
Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven. Uncover and cook for an additional 20 minutes.
#
pineapple, lemon
To Marinate: Combine honey, brandy and lemon juice in a nonporous glass dish or bowl. Mix together and add pineapple; coat well with marinade mixture. Cover dish and marinate in refrigerator for 1 hour.
Preheat grill to medium heat and lightly oil grate.
Remove pineapple from dish or bowl, discarding any leftover marinade. Place pineapple wedges directly on rack or in a basket and grill for about 10 minutes, turning, until pineapple is hot and caramelized.
#
pumpkin, cheese
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Cut off tops and remove seeds from pumpkins. Coat the insides with butter, and season with salt and pepper. Replace lids. Place in a shallow baking dish with a small amount of water to prevent bottoms from scorching during cooking.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until insides have darkened yet outsides remain firm. Meanwhile, small saucepan, stir softened cream cheese into spinach until melted and well-blended.
Fill pumpkins with spinach mixture, and top each with a slice of cheese. Return to the oven for 3 minutes to melt cheese if serving immediately. Pumpkins may be covered and refrigerated at this point until ready to serve. May be reheated in the microwave for 2 minutes.
#
pumpkin
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Cut stem off pumpkin. Rinse and dry thoroughly. Carefully cut pumpkin in half vertically and scrape out seeds. Cut each half into 6 wedges, about 1 1/2 to 2 inches wide.
Place wedges on their sides on the baking sheet and brush with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Roast in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Flip wedges over and brush with remaining olive oil, then sprinkle with additional salt and pepper, if needed. Roast for 15 minutes more.
Remove from the oven and place on a serving platter. Drizzle with hot honey and serve.
#
garlic, lemon, chicken, tomato, chili, red_onion
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Combine mustard, mayonnaise, garlic, and zest and juice of 1 lime in a large bowl. Mix well. Sprinkle chicken drumsticks and thighs with salt and garlic pepper. Add chicken to the bowl and coat well. Place chicken into a baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is golden brown and juices run clear, about 40 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine tomatoes, chili, onion, and cilantro in a bowl. Season with salt and juice of 1 lime.
Remove chicken from the oven and serve with pan juices and a generous portion of salsa on top. Garnish with parsley.
#
chili, bacon, cheese
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet.
Combine Neufchatel cheese, pistachio nuts, Cheddar cheese, and bacon seasoning in a bowl. Spoon cheese mixture into each jalapeno pepper half. Wrap each stuffed pepper with a bacon slice, securing with a toothpick. Arrange peppers on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until bacon is crisp, about 30 minutes. Cool peppers for a few minutes before serving.
#
tomato, lemon, bread, cheese, bacon
Heat a griddle or skillet to medium heat.
Cut tomato into three slices. Place slices in a bowl and coat with lemon juice.
Spread butter on one side of each slice of bread.
Layer a slice of bread with 1 slice of cheese, tomato slices, bacon and remaining cheese. Top with remaining slice of bread.
Place sandwich in skillet and cook till bread is golden brown and cheese is melted, about 2 to 4 minutes for each side.
#
bread, ham, cheese, salad
Preheat heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-low heat. Butter one side of two slices of bread and then turn buttered side down. Top one slice with ham slices (5 ounces) and the other with cheese slices (3 ounces) and transfer to skillet face up and cook for 5-7 minutes or until bread is lightly browned and cheese is beginning to melt. Remove sandwich halves from skillet and transfer to cutting board and repeat for remaining sandwiches.
Top ham side with cranberry sauce and greens and place cheese side of bread on top to finish sandwich and cut in half to serve. Best when it's hot and melty!
#